.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Setup**
Please complete the following information along with version numbers, if applicable.
 - OS [e.g. Ubuntu, macOS]
 - Shell [e.g. zsh, fish]
 - Terminal Emulator [e.g. kitty, iterm]
 - Terminal Multiplexer [e.g. tmux]

*Note: you might encounter rendering issues if your locale does not use
`UTF-8` encoding. Please check your locale (`locale` on POSIX systems) to
see what encoding is being used by your system.*

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Source Code**
Please include a [minimum reproducible example][writing-examples] to reproduce the behavior.

Please paste your example as a code block on the issue. Do not link to an external project. Your example should fit in a single file. Take a look at our example directory for an idea on writing a small, but runnable example.

[writing-example]: https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
Add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

fix: link to bubble tea examples repo

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Setup**
Please complete the following information along with version numbers, if applicable.
 - OS [e.g. Ubuntu, macOS]
 - Shell [e.g. zsh, fish]
 - Terminal Emulator [e.g. kitty, iterm]
 - Terminal Multiplexer [e.g. tmux]

*Note: you might encounter rendering issues if your locale does not use
`UTF-8` encoding. Please check your locale (`locale` on POSIX systems) to
see what encoding is being used by your system.*

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Source Code**
Please include a [minimum reproducible example][writing-examples] to reproduce the behavior.

Please paste your example as a code block on the issue. Do not link to an external project. Your example should fit in a single file. Take a look at [Bubble Tea examples][bubbletea-example] for an idea on writing a small, but runnable program.

[bubbletea-example]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/bubbletea/tree/main/examples
[writing-example]: https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
Add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
